Deprecate Event API and SDK in favor of Emit Event in the Log API (#4319)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: CHANGELOG.md

### Events

> - Deprecate Event API and SDK in favor of Emit Event in the Log API.

Reviewer: nit: I propose to be a little more abstract here.

No need to address if you disagree with the suggestion.

```suggestion
- Deprecate Event API and SDK in favor of having Events support in the Log API and SDK.
```
